Introduction
Submitting Relief Requests in DRIMS
Open Requests
Click DRIMS in the sidebar, then select Requests
View the list of all requests
Create New Request
Click the New button to create a request
Select Incident
Select the disaster incident you are responding to
Set Destination & Priority
Choose the destination area and set the priority level
Date & Justification
Set the date supplies are needed and explain why
Affected Population
Enter the number of people who will receive supplies
Add Items
Click Add a line to request specific items
Select the product and enter the quantity needed
Save Draft
Click Save to save your request as a draft
Submit Request
Click Submit to send the request for approval
The request is now pending approval
Tutorial complete!